# ${projectName} - ${projectDescription}

This repository contains the `${projectName} decision service`, packaged as a `Quarkus Microservice JAR)`, and was originally generated by the custom `Decision Service Maven Archetype` in order to ensure compliancee with Maven best practices. 

*This section should describe this project, what it does, how it does it, it’s dependencies, etc…*

## How To Build ${projectName}

This repository is built using `mvn clean install (deploy)` by either the CI/CD pipeline or on a local developer workstation.  Maven `install` places the packaged KJAR file into the local Maven `~/.M2/repository`.  Maven `deploy` places the packaged JAR file into the enterprise Maven repository *(ie: Artifactory)*.  This repository relies on application dependencies to be installed into the enterprise Maven repository first.  Those depenencies are:

- **ba-platform-parent** - Master Business Automation parent pom.xml.

**Note**: To run a unit test, provided all depencencies are available to the decision service via Maven, simply perform: `mvn clean install -DskipTests=false`.  If you wish to have unit test execution on by default, change the property in the decision service's pom.xml to default the `skipTests` property to `false` _(true is the default)_.

## How To Deploy ${projectName}

This repository is simply packaged as a JAR file and stored in the application's enterprise Maven repository *(ie: Artifactory)*.

## How To Configure Logging for ${projectName}

This project uses the logging framework [**Logback**](https://logback.qos.ch/) and [**SLF4J**](https://www.slf4j.org/) as the logging facade.  The logging configuraiton can be updated by modifying the file located at `src/main/resources/logback.xml`.  The various configuration settings in this file cover not only this project, but also any depencency where the `SLF4J` facade is being used.

**_Note_**: Logback was selected as the logging implementation over LOG4J based on recent news regarding security vulnerabilities with `LOG4J`.

### Package Logging Configuration for ${projectName}
You can configure the logging level for varous packages by adding or updateing `logger` entries in the configuraiton file.  The following is an example of the logging configuration file:

```xml
  <configuration>
      <appender name="STDOUT" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%d{HH:mm:ss.SSS} [%thread] %-5level %logger{36} - %msg%n</pattern>
            </encoder>
      </appender>

      <!-- Drools (Red Hat) Packages - Logging Configuration -->
      <logger name="logging.level.org.drools.core.xml"                level="error" />  
      <logger name="org.drools.compiler.kie.builder.impl"             level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.drools.modelcompiler"                         level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.kie.server.api.marshalling.MarshallerFactory" level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.kie.internal.pmml.PMMLImplementationsUtil"    level="error" /> 

      <!-- Global Logging Level -->
      <root level="error">
          <appender-ref ref="STDOUT" />
      </root>
    </configuration>
```

## Additional Information
This repository is focused on business automation using **Red Hat’s Business Automation** products, specifically the [**Kogito**](https://kogito.kie.org/) extensions and [**Quarkus**](https://quarkus.io/).  The following online documentation is available in order to learn various aspects of these products and frameworks:

- [**Quarkus**](https://quarkus.io/) - Traditional Java stacks were engineered for monolithic applications with long startup times and large memory requirements in a world where the cloud, containers, and Kubernetes did not exist. Java frameworks needed to evolve to meet the needs of this new world.  Quarkus was created to enable Java developers to create applications for a modern, cloud-native world. Quarkus is a Kubernetes-native Java framework tailored for GraalVM and HotSpot, crafted from best-of-breed Java libraries and standards. The goal is to make Java the leading platform in Kubernetes and serverless environments while offering developers a framework to address a wider range of distributed application architectures.  You can find a useful introdution to this technology at [**Getting Started with Quarkus**](https://quarkus.io/get-started/).

- [**Kogito**](https://kogito.kie.org/) is a cloud-native business automation technology for building cloud-ready business applications. The name Kogito derives from the Latin "Cogito", as in "Cogito, ergo sum" ("I think, therefore I am"), and is pronounced [ˈkoː.d͡ʒi.to] (KO-jee-to). The letter K refers to Kubernetes, the base for OpenShift as the target cloud platform for Kogito, and to the Knowledge Is Everything (KIE) open source business automation project from which Kogito originates.  Kogito is optimized for a hybrid cloud environment and adapts to your domain and tooling needs. The core objective of Kogito is to help you mold a set of business processes and decisions into your own domain-specific cloud-native set of services.  You can find a useful introdution to this technology at [**Getting Started with Kogito**](https://kogito.kie.org/get-started/).

- [**Apache Maven**](https://maven.apache.org/) is a free and open source software project management and comprehension tool. Based on  the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project’s build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of  information. A **getting started guide** is available [here](http://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/).

- [**Git**](https://git-scm.com//) is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything
from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency. There is a **handbook** available [here](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/), as well as various **guides** for learning and working with Git available [here](https://guides.github.com/)