# ${projectName} - ${projectDescription}
This repository contains the `${projectName} micro-process service`, packaged as a micro-service JAR, and was originally generated by the **IBM Process Automation Manager Open Edition Maven Archetype** in order to ensure compliancee with Maven best practices. 

*This section should describe this project, what it does, how it does it, it’s dependencies, etc…*

## How To Build ${projectName}
Once you have configured your local development environment, you need to perform a `Maven Build` of the repository.  This repository is built using `mvn clean install` by either the CI/CD pipeline or on a local developer workstation.  If deploying artifacts to an enterprise Maven repository, please use `mvn clean deploy`, which requires configuration of the `distributionManagement` section of your project's parent pom.xml.  This project is configured to generate container images and push them to both the registry as well as your cluster, by adding the following properties and profile selection:

```shell
mvn clean package -Denv=container -Pcontainer,<dbtype>
```

Current supported dbtypes in container mode are `postgresql` and `mssql`. So for e.g. to build the example using postgresql database configuration we can run the following command:  

The `env` property selects %container properties in the `application.properties` file, based on the container prefix.  You can add -D<property>=<value> to each command in order to determine if the image should be published to the registry as well as being deployed to OpenShift, by overriding these defaults:

- quarkus.container-image.build=<default=true>  --> build the image
- quarkus.container-image.push=<default=false>  --> push the image to the registry
- quarkus.openshift.deploy=<default=false>      --> push the image to the cluster

Examples: 

```shell
mvn clean package -Denv=container -Pcontainer,postgresql 
```

This command would create and push the image, but require manual deployment.

## Additional Information (*Appendicies*)
This repository is focused on business automation using [**IBM Business Automation Manager Open Editions**](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibamoe/9.0.0?topic=introduction-what-is-bamoe) products, specifically the IBM build of [**Kogito**](https://kogito.kie.org/) known as **IBM Decison Manager Open Edition**, leveraging [**Quarkus**](https://quarkus.io/) as the assoicated container runtime.  The following online documentation is available in order to learn various aspects of these products and frameworks:

- [**Apache Maven**](https://maven.apache.org/) is a free and open source software project management and comprehension tool. Based on  the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project’s build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of  information. A **getting started guide** is available [here](http://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/).

- [**Git**](https://git-scm.com//) is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency. There is a **handbook** available [here](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/), as well as various **guides** for learning and working with Git available [here](https://guides.github.com/)

#if (${runtime} == 'quarkus')
- [**Quarkus**](https://quarkus.io/) - Traditional Java stacks were engineered for monolithic applications with long startup times and large memory requirements in a world where the cloud, containers, and Kubernetes did not exist. Java frameworks needed to evolve to meet the needs of this new world.  Quarkus was created to enable Java developers to create applications for a modern, cloud-native world. Quarkus is a Kubernetes-native Java framework tailored for GraalVM and HotSpot, crafted from best-of-breed Java libraries and standards. The goal is to make Java the leading platform in Kubernetes and serverless environments while offering developers a framework to address a wider range of distributed application architectures.  You can find a useful introdution to this technology at [**Getting Started with Quarkus**](https://quarkus.io/get-started/).
#end

#if (${runtime} == 'spring-boot')
- [**Spring Boot**](https://spring.io/) - Spring makes programming Java quicker, easier, and safer for everybody. Spring’s focus on speed, simplicity, and productivity has made it the world's most popular Java framework.  Spring’s flexible libraries are trusted by developers all over the world. Spring delivers delightful experiences to millions of end-users every day.  Spring’s flexible and comprehensive set of extensions and third-party libraries let developers build almost any application imaginable.  Spring Boot transforms how you approach Java programming tasks, radically streamlining your experience. Spring Boot combines necessities such as an application context and an auto-configured, embedded web server to make microservice development a cinch. To go even faster, you can combine Spring Boot with Spring Cloud’s rich set of supporting libraries, servers, patterns, and templates, to safely deploy entire microservices-based architectures into the cloud, in record time.  You can find a useful introdution to this technology at [**Getting Started with Spring Boot**](https://spring.io/quickstart).
#end
